Add transaction support (#1904)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: README.md

### Available operations
To see the available operations, check the [Eloquent](#eloquent) section.

Transaction
-------
Transaction requires mongodb version V4.0 or more and deployment replica sets or sharded clusters.You can look at its speciality [in the MongoDB docs](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/core/transactions/)

### Basic Usage

Transaction supports create/insert,update,delete,etc operation.

```php
DB::transaction(function () {
    User::create(['name' => 'klinson', 'age' => 19, 'title' => 'admin', 'email' => 'klinsonup@gmail.com']);
    DB::collection('users')->where('name', 'klinson')->update(['age' => 20]);
    DB::collection('users')->where('name', 'klinson')->delete();
});
```

```php
// begin a transaction
DB::beginTransaction();
User::create(['name' => 'klinson', 'age' => 19, 'title' => 'admin', 'email' => 'klinsonup@gmail.com']);
DB::collection('users')->where('name', 'klinson')->update(['age' => 20]);
DB::collection('users')->where('name', 'klinson')->delete();

// you can commit your changes
DB::commit();

// you can also rollback them
//DB::rollBack();
```

> Transaction supports infinite-level nested transactions, but outside transaction rollbacks do not affect the commit of inside transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Transaction supports infinite-level of nested transactions, but outside transaction rollbacks do not affect the commits of inside transactions.
```
